Vendor Release Notes Readme
===========================

Background:
===========

The Vendor Release Notes site is a website where government contractors
can find information about changes to eOffer and eMod, systems used by
the Government Services Administration (GSA) to process bids for
government contracts.

To-date these changes have been staged in releases. Each release
consists of a number of changes and this site provides documentation
about each change.

Implementation Details:
=======================

This site stores information about these releases in an XML document
(releases.xml). This file records the date of each release and the
changes introduced by it. The format of this document is described by
an XML schema (releases.xsd). When new releases are published,
releases.xml must be updated. Changes to this file can be validated
using releases.xsd.

This site also provides an RSS feed listing recent changes
(releases.rss). This feed is generated by generate-rss.html and must be
manually updated with each release. To do so, simply go to
generate-rss.html and copy the generated RSS document to releases.rss.

CSS stylesheets are generated using SASS in conjunction with the
Bourbon SASS library. The SASS source files are stored in scss,
specifically scss/_partials/styles.scss. The Compiled CSS file is
stored in stylesheets/styles.css and is generated using Compass. The
Compass configuration file is config.rb.

Both index.html and generate-rss.html rely on releases.js which parses
releases.xml, generates the RSS feed, defines the releases filter, etc.
This in turn uses JQuery.

How To:
=======

1. Install this Site on a New Server:

  1. Transfer this site to the new server directory.
  2. Update the baseURL variable in release.js to the new base URL.
  3. Update the a#rss-link element in index.html to point to releases.rss.

2. Add Releases:

  1. Save any screenshots to the screenshots directory.
  2. Add a new Release XML element to releases.xml using the format
     described in releases.xsd.
  3. Validate your changes to releases.xml using releases.xsd.
  4. Update the RSS feed file (see below).
  5. Post the changes to the production server using Git, FTP, etc.

3. Generate the RSS Feed:

  1. Copy the RSS document displayed on generate-rss.html to releases.rss.
  2. Validate the releases.rss file using an RSS validator.
  3. Post the changes to the production server using Git, FTP, etc.

Author:
=======

  Larry D. Lee jr <larry_lee@elucidsolutions.com>